OK now let's go ahead and let's get started on the body.
Now the body's going to be very simple because all we have to do is trace it out and fill it with a
color then add some very minor details.
So let's add a new layer underneath our feather layer.
Then using our Lasso tool we're going to go ahead and just trace his body out.
Now I'm going to leave his hands and his feet out because I plan on using a shaped tool to create those.
Right now let's go ahead and fill that in with the same color as his ear
fantastic next.
Let's add a new layer above that then using our circular marquee tool.
We're going to create those hands
out.
Let's go ahead and fill that in.
Next what we're going to do is we're going to re select that we want to make sure we select bigger than
the actual selection.
That way we get everything on the outer edge and we're going to copy it and paste it will move that
over to the other hand.
So it next.
Let's add a new layer and using the rectangular marquee tool we're going to create a selection that
is the size of his foot.
Now we're going to fill that in awesome.
Next let's add a new layer.
But we're going to add this layer behind our first body shape layer.
This is going to be for this arm back here.
So we're going to make it a little bit darker since it's further away.
So we're going to make it appear like it's in a shadow.
So come up to our color and let's bring it down just a little bit.
OK then let's use our Lasso tool to select this shape.
Great fill that at Awesome.
Now his body is basically done.
The last thing I want to do is I just want to add his chest in.
So we're going to darken our color just a little bit.
Then we can bring down the opacity on our body layer so we can see our sketch underneath great.
And now let's add a new layer to the very top of all our layers.
And using the paintbrush tool we can go ahead and paint is just an
lets bring the opacity back up on his body.
Great.
Now I'm noticing that I kind of drew over the edge of his body so I am going to come back up to that
layer and I'll just erase away that edge.
Perfect.
Let's zoom out and see how that looks.
Awesome looks very naked.
But don't worry.
In the next lecture we're going to add a loincloth form before we do.
Let's go ahead and merge some of these layers together.
Now we want his whole body to be one piece.
And this back arm to be one piece.
So first let's put this back arm and his hands together.
Let's find his hand.
So those are his hand and his back arm is the very bottom layer.
So we're going to dry it drag this hand all the way down to the bottom.
So now we can select both of them.
Merging together.
So now that's one.
Now let's select all the other layers and merge those together.
Great.
Now looks like both of those and let's put them into a folder and we'll call this folder body.